MCP-OCP-Lightspeed (#894)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/proc_enabling-lightspeed-integration.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Planning_your_migration/assemblies/assembly_lightspeed-integration.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="proc_enabling-lightspeed-integration_{context}"]
= Enabling the {lightspeed-full} integration

[role="_abstract"]
Enable {lightspeed-full} integration to access AI-powered migration assistance and troubleshooting directly from the {ocp} web console.

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in to the {ocp} web console as a user with cluster administrator privileges.
* {lightspeed-full} is installed and configured on the cluster.
+
For information about installing and configuring {lightspeed-full}, see the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_lightspeed[{lightspeed-full} documentation].
* The {project-short} Operator is installed.

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* in the left navigation menu.

. Ensure you are in the correct project. For example, +{namespace}+.

. Click the *{operator-name}* from the list of installed operators.

> . Click the *ForkliftController* tab and then click your controller instance to view its details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *ForkliftController* tab.

. Click your controller instance to view its details.
```

. Click the *YAML* tab to edit the resource configuration.

. In the `spec:` section, locate or add the `feature_lightspeed_integration` parameter and set its value to `'true'`:
+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:

>   feature_lightspeed_integration: 'true'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  feature_mcp_server: 'true'
  mcp_server_lightspeed_set_mcp_gate: 'true'
```

the settings now are ^^

Author: Thanks for the update.

----
+
[NOTE]
====
To disable the feature later, you can change this value to `'false'`.
====

. Click *Save*.
+

> The {lightspeed-full} pods restart and initialize to load the new Model Context Protocol (MCP) for {project-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
he {lightspeed-full} pods restart to load the new Model Context Protocol (MCP) configuration for {project-short}.
```
